better now better now who has started a
mom and we are hopelessly outgunned
director fury I think it's time hail
punch punch down here with the mission
sir trying to get me back in the world
trying to save it
deal doctor we need you to come in don't
what if I say no you I'll persuade you
what you asking me it's called the
bindles
initiative down I thought I didn't
qualify apparently uh what is it follow
them hi self-obsessed and don't play
well with others think they need a
timeout
and how desperately are you go much
taller such lost creatures to defend you
you have made me very desperate we're
not a team we're a time
[Laughter]
[Music]
do don't this is nothing they were ever
trained for yeah no shit all I have is a
bow and arrow
no don't don't don't don't don't
[Music]
guys oh I'm bringing the party to you
here I in space lobster I'm gonna die
doom
[Music]
you